Update user flags (#168)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/user.mdx

###### User Flags

| Value   | Name                         | Description                                                                                 | Public |
| ------- | ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------ |

> | 1 << 0  | STAFF                        | Discord Staff                                                                               | Yes    |
> | 1 << 1  | PARTNER                      | Partnered Server Owner                                                                      | Yes    |
> | 1 << 2  | HYPESQUAD                    | HypeSquad Events                                                                            | Yes    |
> | 1 << 3  | BUG_HUNTER_LEVEL_1           | Level 1 Discord Bug Hunter                                                                  | Yes    |
> | 1 << 4  | MFA_SMS                      | SMS enabled as a two-factor authentication backup                                           | No     |
> | 1 << 5  | PREMIUM_PROMO_DISMISSED      | User has dismissed the current premium (Nitro) promotion                                    | No     |
> | 1 << 6  | HYPESQUAD_ONLINE_HOUSE_1     | HypeSquad Bravery                                                                           | Yes    |
> | 1 << 7  | HYPESQUAD_ONLINE_HOUSE_2     | HypeSquad Brilliance                                                                        | Yes    |
> | 1 << 8  | HYPESQUAD_ONLINE_HOUSE_3     | HypeSquad Balance                                                                           | Yes    |
> | 1 << 9  | PREMIUM_EARLY_SUPPORTER      | Early Premium (Nitro) Supporter                                                             | Yes    |
> | 1 << 10 | TEAM_PSEUDO_USER             | User is a [Team](/resources/team)                                                           | Yes    |
> | 1 << 11 | INTERNAL_APPLICATION         | User has a pending partner or bot verification application                                  | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 12 | SYSTEM                       | User is a system user (i.e. official Discord account)                                       | Yes    |
> | 1 << 13 | HAS_UNREAD_URGENT_MESSAGES   | User has unread urgent system messages; an urgent message is one sent from Trust and Safety | No     |
> | 1 << 14 | BUG_HUNTER_LEVEL_2           | Level 2 Discord Bug Hunter                                                                  | Yes    |
> | 1 << 15 | UNDERAGE_DELETED             | User is scheduled for deletion for being under the minimum required age                     | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 16 | VERIFIED_BOT                 | Verified Bot                                                                                | Yes    |
> | 1 << 17 | VERIFIED_DEVELOPER           | Early Verified Bot Developer                                                                | Yes    |
> | 1 << 18 | CERTIFIED_MODERATOR          | Moderator Programs Alumni                                                                   | Yes    |
> | 1 << 19 | BOT_HTTP_INTERACTIONS        | Bot uses only HTTP interactions and is shown in the online member list                      | Yes    |
> | 1 << 20 | SPAMMER                      | User is marked as a spammer and has their messages collapsed in the UI                      | Yes    |
> | 1 << 21 | DISABLE_PREMIUM              | User has manually disabled premium (Nitro) features                                         | No     |
> | 1 << 22 | ACTIVE_DEVELOPER             | [Active Developer](https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/articles/10113997751447)              | Yes    |
> | 1 << 33 | HIGH_GLOBAL_RATE_LIMIT       | User has a raised global ratelimit                                                          | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 34 | DELETED                      | User's account is deleted                                                                   | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 35 | DISABLED_SUSPICIOUS_ACTIVITY | User's account is disabled for suspicious activity                                          | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 36 | SELF_DELETED                 | User deleted their own account                                                              | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 37 | PREMIUM_DISCRIMINATOR        | User has a Nitro custom discriminator (obsolete)                                            | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 38 | USED_DESKTOP_CLIENT          | User has used the desktop client                                                            | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 39 | USED_WEB_CLIENT              | User has used the web client                                                                | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 40 | USED_MOBILE_CLIENT           | User has used the mobile client                                                             | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 41 | DISABLED                     | User's account is disabled                                                                  | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 43 | VERIFIED_EMAIL               | User has a verified email                                                                   | No^1^  |
> | 1 << 44 | QUARANTINED                  | User is quarantined and cannot create DMs or accept invites                                 | No     |
> | 1 << 50 | COLLABORATOR                 | User is a collaborator and is considered staff                                              | No     |
> | 1 << 51 | RESTRICTED_COLLABORATOR      | User is a restricted collaborator and is considered staff                                   | No     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1 << 0  | STAFF                        | Discord Staff                                                                               | Yes    |
| 1 << 1  | PARTNER                      | Partnered Server Owner                                                                      | Yes    |
| 1 << 2  | HYPESQUAD                    | HypeSquad Events                                                                            | Yes    |
| 1 << 3  | BUG_HUNTER_LEVEL_1           | Level 1 Discord Bug Hunter                                                                  | Yes    |
| 1 << 4  | MFA_SMS                      | SMS enabled as a two-factor authentication backup                                           | No     |
| 1 << 5  | PREMIUM_PROMO_DISMISSED      | User has dismissed the current premium (Nitro) promotion                                    | No     |
| 1 << 6  | HYPESQUAD_ONLINE_HOUSE_1     | HypeSquad Bravery                                                                           | Yes    |
| 1 << 7  | HYPESQUAD_ONLINE_HOUSE_2     | HypeSquad Brilliance                                                                        | Yes    |
| 1 << 8  | HYPESQUAD_ONLINE_HOUSE_3     | HypeSquad Balance                                                                           | Yes    |
| 1 << 9  | PREMIUM_EARLY_SUPPORTER      | Early Premium (Nitro) Supporter                                                             | Yes    |
| 1 << 10 | TEAM_PSEUDO_USER             | User is a [Team](/resources/team)                                                           | Yes    |
| 1 << 11 | INTERNAL_APPLICATION         | User has a pending partner or verification application                                      | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 12 | SYSTEM                       | User is a system user (i.e. official Discord account)                                       | Yes    |
| 1 << 13 | HAS_UNREAD_URGENT_MESSAGES   | User has unread urgent system messages; an urgent message is one sent from Trust and Safety | No     |
| 1 << 14 | BUG_HUNTER_LEVEL_2           | Level 2 Discord Bug Hunter                                                                  | Yes    |
| 1 << 15 | UNDERAGE_DELETED             | User is scheduled for deletion for being under the minimum required age                     | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 16 | VERIFIED_BOT                 | Verified Bot                                                                                | Yes    |
| 1 << 17 | VERIFIED_DEVELOPER           | Early Verified Bot Developer                                                                | Yes    |
| 1 << 18 | CERTIFIED_MODERATOR          | Moderator Programs Alumni                                                                   | Yes    |
| 1 << 19 | BOT_HTTP_INTERACTIONS        | Bot uses only HTTP interactions and is shown in the online member list                      | Yes    |
| 1 << 20 | SPAMMER                      | User is marked as a spammer and has their messages collapsed in the UI                      | Yes    |
| 1 << 21 | DISABLE_PREMIUM              | User has manually disabled premium (Nitro) features                                         | No     |
| 1 << 22 | ACTIVE_DEVELOPER             | [Active Developer](https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/articles/10113997751447)              | Yes    |
| 1 << 33 | HIGH_GLOBAL_RATE_LIMIT       | User has a raised global ratelimit                                                          | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 34 | DELETED                      | User's account is deleted                                                                   | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 35 | DISABLED_SUSPICIOUS_ACTIVITY | User's account is disabled for suspicious activity                                          | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 36 | SELF_DELETED                 | User deleted their own account                                                              | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 37 | PREMIUM_DISCRIMINATOR        | User has a custom premium (Nitro) discriminator (obsolete)                                   | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 38 | USED_DESKTOP_CLIENT          | User has used the desktop client                                                            | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 39 | USED_WEB_CLIENT              | User has used the web client                                                                | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 40 | USED_MOBILE_CLIENT           | User has used the mobile client                                                             | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 41 | DISABLED                     | User's account is disabled                                                                  | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 43 | VERIFIED_EMAIL               | User has a verified email                                                                   | No ^1^ |
| 1 << 44 | QUARANTINED                  | User is quarantined and cannot create DMs or accept invites                                 | No     |
| 1 << 50 | COLLABORATOR                 | User is a collaborator and is considered staff                                              | No     |
| 1 << 51 | RESTRICTED_COLLABORATOR      | User is a restricted collaborator and is considered staff                                   | No     |
```

> ^1^ Not exposed to the API, can only be found in data dumps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^1^ Not exposed to the API, can only be found in [user data harvests](/resources/user#harvest-object).
```
